README.md, before:

# ComfyUI Installation Guide

This guide will walk you through the process of setting up ComfyUI on a RunPod instance with a 3090 GPU.

## 1. Deploy a RunPod Instance

1. Go to RunPod.io and log in to your account.
2. Click on "Deploy" to create a new pod.
3. Select the following configuration:
   - GPU: NVIDIA RTX 3090
   - Container Image: `runpod/pytorch:2.2.0-py3.10-cuda12.1.1-devel-ubuntu22.04`
   - Container Disk: Set to at least 150GB
   - Volume Disk: Set to at least 150GB
4. Under "Exposed Ports", add a the following HTTP ports: 7860, 8188
5. Click "Deploy" to create your pod.

## 2. Access the Jupyter Instance

1. Once your pod is deployed, click on the "Connect" button.
2. Select "Connect to Jupyter Lab" (usually on port 8888).
3. You'll be directed to a Jupyter Lab interface in your browser.

## 3. Installation Process

1. In Jupyter Lab, open a new terminal.
2. Clone this repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/vlad-diac/image_gen_bot.git
   cd image_gen_bot
   ```
3. Make the installation script executable:
   ```
   chmod +x install_runpod.sh
   ```
4. Run the installation script:
   ```
   ./install_runpod.sh
   ```
   This script will:
   - Update system packages
   - Install required dependencies
   - Clone ComfyUI and necessary custom nodes
   - Set up a Python virtual environment
   - Install PyTorch and other required packages
   - Download necessary models

## 4. Launch ComfyUI

After the installation is complete, you can start ComfyUI:

1. Navigate to the ComfyUI directory:
   ```
   cd /workspace/ComfyUI
   ```
2. Run the launch script:
   ```
   ./launch.sh
   ```
3. Accessing ComfyUI
    ComfyUI will be running on port 8188. To access it:

        1. Go back to your RunPod dashboard.
        2. Find the pod you deployed and click on "Connect".
        3. Under "HTTP Service", you should see a link for port 8188. Click on it to open ComfyUI in your browser.
## 5. Launching Market Bot
1. Navigate to the Market Bot directory:
   ```
   cd /workspace/ComfyUI/
   ```
2. Activate the virtual environment:
   ```
   source venv/bin/activate
   ```
3. Run the Market Bot:
   ```
   python market_ui.py
   ```
4. Access the Market Bot:
    Go back to your RunPod dashboard.
    Find the pod you deployed and click on "Connect".
    Under "HTTP Service", you should see a link for port 7860. Click on it to open the Market Bot in your browser.

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues during the installation or while running ComfyUI, please check the following:

- Ensure all required ports (7860, 8888, 8188) are properly exposed and not blocked by any firewalls.
- Check the installation logs for any error messages.
- Make sure you have sufficient disk space on both the container and volume disks.

For further assistance, please open an issue in this repository or consult the ComfyUI documentation.

Commit message:

Added example .env file and updated README

README.md, after:

# ComfyUI Installation Guide

This guide will walk you through the process of setting up ComfyUI on a RunPod instance with a 3090 GPU.

## 1. Deploy a RunPod Instance

1. Go to RunPod.io and log in to your account.
2. Click on "Deploy" to create a new pod.
3. Select the following configuration:
   - GPU: NVIDIA RTX 3090
   - Container Image: `runpod/pytorch:2.2.0-py3.10-cuda12.1.1-devel-ubuntu22.04`
   - Container Disk: Set to at least 150GB
   - Volume Disk: Set to at least 150GB
4. Under "Exposed Ports", add a the following HTTP ports: 7860, 8188
5. Click "Deploy" to create your pod.

## 2. Access the Jupyter Instance

1. Once your pod is deployed, click on the "Connect" button.
2. Select "Connect to Jupyter Lab" (usually on port 8888).
3. You'll be directed to a Jupyter Lab interface in your browser.

## 3. Installation Process

1. In Jupyter Lab, open a new terminal.
2. Clone this repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/vlad-diac/image_gen_bot.git
   cd image_gen_bot
   ```
3. Make the installation script executable:
   ```
   chmod +x install_runpod.sh
   ```
4. Run the installation script:
   ```
   ./install_runpod.sh
   ```
   This script will:
   - Update system packages
   - Install required dependencies
   - Clone ComfyUI and necessary custom nodes
   - Set up a Python virtual environment
   - Install PyTorch and other required packages
   - Download necessary models

## 4. Launch ComfyUI

After the installation is complete, you can start ComfyUI:

1. Navigate to the ComfyUI directory:
   ```
   cd /workspace/ComfyUI
   ```
2. Run the launch script:
   ```
   ./launch.sh
   ```
3. Accessing ComfyUI
    ComfyUI will be running on port 8188. To access it:

        1. Go back to your RunPod dashboard.
        2. Find the pod you deployed and click on "Connect".
        3. Under "HTTP Service", you should see a link for port 8188. Click on it to open ComfyUI in your browser.
## 5. Launching Market Bot
1. Navigate to the Market Bot directory:
   ```
   cd /workspace/ComfyUI/
   ```
2. Edit the .env.example file with your API keys and save it as .env
3. Activate the virtual environment:
   ```
   source venv/bin/activate
   ```
4. Run the Market Bot:
   ```
   python bot_ui.py
   ```

5. Access the Market Bot:
    Go back to your RunPod dashboard.
    Find the pod you deployed and click on "Connect".
    Under "HTTP Service", you should see a link for port 7860. Click on it to open the Market Bot in your browser.

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues during the installation or while running ComfyUI, please check the following:

- Ensure all required ports (7860, 8888, 8188) are properly exposed and not blocked by any firewalls.
- Check the installation logs for any error messages.
- Make sure you have sufficient disk space on both the container and volume disks.

For further assistance, please open an issue in this repository or consult the ComfyUI documentation.
